fy_aimcorp_nw

Map by MistaX88 [COF]

Play COF! clancof.net

Note: This map is a version of fy_aimcorp with the weather effects removed, the most
important being the flash of lightning wich seemed to cause a massive stutter on
certain machines regardless of how powerful the hardware was (my 3.1Ghz i5 and GTX570
were fine while GPU's and CPU's more powerful were having issues). I've decided to
remove the rain and thunder as well and I bumped up the environment light just a
tiny bit.

---------------------

Starting out as a little known company making affordable weapon optics and other types
of sights, Aimcorp was soon purchased by by an independently wealthy entrepreneur. Soon
the company grew exponentially, and it bought out so many various companies that weapon
optics were only a small fraction of their business as a result, despite the name
Aimcorp remaining. The AimCorp headquarters grew larger, and larger, with some believing
there to be significantly more underground than above ground...but that's only hearsay.
It is apparent, however, that the headquarters is quite a strange patchwork of offices
and industrial areas.

What is also apparent is the intentional divide between the blue collar and white collar
employees brought on by seemingly maniacal companies polices handed down from the top.
The encouraged poor treatment of the blue collar workers kept a strong resentment on both
sides and it is now on the verge of exploding after all of the buildings break rooms and
the cafeterias were segregated, while openly labeling the blue collar workers "plebs."

Now, late in the evening after the work day is over, the blue collar and white collar
tension is indeed exploding, and it appears that is in the form of a gun fight in the
courtyard and cafeterias...and also on the roof! 

---------------------

This map has a 12 round cycle that alternates between the lower and the upper map. It uses
a weapon vend feature each round where players press a button to get a pistol and the
pistol is changed every two rounds. It features all six pistols in the game.

---------------------

One or more textures on this map have been created with images from
Textures.com. These images may not be redistributed by default.
Please visit www.textures.com for more information.